These are build scripts for a website where you can test the proposed libretro builds for [mkxp-z](https://github.com/mkxp-z/mkxp-z) from [mkxp-z pull request 255](https://github.com/mkxp-z/mkxp-z/pull/255) in your browser.

Unlike [mkxp-web](https://github.com/pulsejet/mkxp-web), it uses the reference Ruby VM implementation instead of mruby, so RPG Maker VX Ace games that use Ruby fibers are supported out of the box. There are no special porting steps [like the ones required to play games using mkxp-web](https://github.com/pulsejet/mkxp-web?tab=readme-ov-file#porting-games-to-work-with-mrubywasm); games should be runnable unmodified if mkxp-z can play the game on at least one non-Windows platform.

To play a game, put all the game files inside a .zip or .7z archive and change the file extension of that archive to ".mkxpz". Try to make sure the files inside the archive are not compressed (i.e. they should use the "store" compression algorithm), especially .rgssad/.rgss2a/.rgss3a files and .otf/.ttf files; failing to do this will most likely result in severe in-game lag due to the amount of seeking required to use these files, but the game should still be playable, so it's okay if you can't figure out how to do this. Currently, if the game requires RTPs, you have to copy the RTP files over the game files because the web player doesn't have a convenient way to upload RTP files yet and loading RTPs from paths inside of the game archive is not supported. Go to [the website](https://white-axe.github.io/mkxp-z-libretro-emscripten/), wait until it finishes loading, then use the "Add Content" button in the top bar to upload the game archive. In RetroArch, select "Load Content" and then "Start Directory", then select the game archive you uploaded (it might take a few seconds to load). Any errors will appear in the developer console in your browser, so check that if there are any issues loading or playing the game.

There's currently no convenient way to upload saves or save states to the web player, although this will probably be fixed at some point. You can, however, download saves, save states and screenshots that were made inside of the web player by clicking on the button to the right of the "Add Content" button in the top bar and clicking on "Download saves/states/screenshots". Save states are cross-platform, so any downloaded save states should work in libretro builds of mkxp-z on other platforms as well.
